22.01.2015
Start of the user survey. Fixed minor bugs.
If address consists of more than one part, it can be added a few times now.
Added focus mode "infinity" for tablet tests. Also removed the auto adding of flash light (I got errors with the tablets because they have no flashlight)

20.01.2015
I fetched business cards from the city. Better results with them in comparison to the printed ones.
Updated the ShowcaseView hints after talk with Jake (first tester)
Started survey with Jake -> quite good.

19.01.2015
Start project week.
Finish evaluation form.
Toasts transformed to "log.d()"
Code cleanup
removed location service disconnects
observing some strage autofocus behaviour (when taking a picture and then clicking back, sometimes the auto focus is not working)
Saving of the OCR image also removed
Toasts removed

Showcase view added. Reset of hints added.

18.01.2015
Hide "Notification bar" in order to prevent the actionbar to flatter around (show, hide and then show again).
Added to a  ll activities.

17.01.2015
IMPORTANT: do not disconnect the drive api service in onPause/onStop because then when the DriveHandler tries to access it, it gets disconnected before.

Storage of image has been moved to the 'OnActivityResult' method in order to prevent the creation of too much unused images.

Autofocus is now enabled all the time. Camera property changed from "continous-foto" to "auto" for better autofocus.

Autofocus property removed from the preferences.

03.01.2015
Gallery action bar edited. Notes show initial message if no note is present.

27.12.2014
Reprocess fixed. Wrong request code has been sent with the intent from the first 'history' button.
Notes added. Showed onClick and editable on longClick.

25.12.2014
Hence I am now developing on Windows, the debug SHA1 key from the debug.keystore has changed. First I didn't realise why it was not working anymore but then I had to change the SHA1 key in the developer console
Error handling for play services added (location service threw an exception because I commented it out for testing purpose).

24.12.2014
Preferences fixed. Image path now saved and in shared preferences and "image selected" is shown.
Next step is to provide an action bar button to send the users business card to the email from an image of a business card

22.12.2014
Changed to windows 10. Holiday work:
Reprocess image should work now. Shutter button click is simulated.
Legacy menu button re-enabled for the surface view. This button is only enabled if the app API level is 11 or beneath (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13322940/menu-button-on-newer-android-devices).

Preferences updated. Image path to my business card is now stored

08.12.2014

Drive handling exported. ShowViewMaster dependency added.
Algorithm and shared preferences for name switching added.

07.12.2014

Drive support finished. I fought myself through the examples of the drive api but there is hardly any documentation.
Tested until a file is created on google drive. Add content not fully tested.

06.12.2014

I had some problems with the Maps API key but now it is working. API key has to be generated on the google developer website under "Public API access". The returned key has been entered in the
manifest, some additional permissions have been added and OpenGL support to display the map. This approach with the Map API has been chosen because the other map is limited in its features with
multiple markers at once.

Added new map activity to the application and adapted the calls. Map activity tested.
Return from add contact fixed.

Drive folder creation added.

05.12.2014

Add contact adapted. Click listener should work now but it has not been tested yet. The algorithm for the first/last name switch still has to be implemented but the NameSplitter method from
the TextSplitter class already accepts the parameter.

ContactType Enum added to replace the static strings from the TextSplitter class. It is not a good approach to leave them as static Strings.

Implemented the reprocess action bar button in the gallery activity. Added a String variable filePath to the decode process starting at CaptureActivityHandler.java and further on.

I think about refactoring the map intent because the way with the intent is very limited and using the map api v2 would solve this problem. Test application written.
APP key must be specified.

03.12.2014

Add contacts adapted. "OTHER" entries can now be changed and are displayed correctly.

02.12.2014

First steps to include the Drive API. OAuth 2.0 has to be used to access the google api.
The needed SHA1 key can be found under the default-android debug keystore ~/.android/debug.keystore (pw: android)
Then the app has to be registered with the package name and this SHA1 key on the google developer console (https://console.developers.google.com)


25.11.2014

Fix AddContact view.. Looping through the map had an error (EMAIL and PHONE had no entry in the RandomId map)

JSONObject is now removed when the image is deleted. JSONHandler updated and Gallery activity

When writing the report, I should mention the GUI changes from the first draft of the add contact view!

Supervisor meeting:
    -app looks good. Addition of a map with all my business-cards / images. Maybe in the settings.
    -after Christmas I should do a heuristics evaluation
    -performance tests on different devices to have something to write about

24.11.2014

Missing add contact icon adapted. (I had problems with my filesystem this day and lost some time)

Use the map data in the add contact view.

RandomId class added. Creates random id mapping between e.g. OTHER0 and an id. I previously attempted to create a int from a string but this only works if your string is a few digits long. Otherwise there are more string representations for a int. See (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/46160/getting-an-int-representation-of-a-string)

Removed note and location from JSON because getJSON object returned a string and there is obviously a problem with empty strings or null, updated JSON creation and update of it

Location action bar item added to the gallery view. Shows the location now on google maps.

23.11.2014

Splitter class added to split up the recognition text. Result of the splitting will be stored in a map<string,string>. The key will be one out of NAME, EMAIL, PHONE or OTHER + a number.
The first part of the text result is most probably the name. The email address can also be recognised because of the @-character and the phone address can also be determined. What if there are
two phone numbers?

Add contact part copied to main app.

Flash support added as parameter. The configuration of this would be better and more intuitive in a settings menu.

Removed the "continuous" parts from the CaptureActivity class.

Image buttons instead of normal buttons used, when the recognition result is first displayed.

22.11.2014

Add contact adapted:
-xml for finish button added. Accessible with "inflater". I used this approach and not the creation of it programmatically because I only need it once and without parameters. So it seemed to be easier this way.

Created the dynamic creation of new items (e.g. if the recognition has a company name on it, then you could add this field)

Hide standard fields if not needed (e.g. mobile phone). I have to think about if I should create the whole view programmatically...

Context menu for add contact added

17.11.2014

Start GUI adaptions of the add contact view.
Created a underline for a text view (harder than expected). Had to implement a xml-layer list in the drawable folder. Check comment from (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2422120/open-sided-android-stroke) for details.

Started to edit add customer. Action bar added but it is not possible to align a button to the left with the normal actionbar. I have to set a custom view to the action bar which is harder than expected.
Managed to set an icon but is not looking good.

16.11.2014

Added handbook into git

Try to change from a grey scaled image to a color image. (http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7620401/how-to-convert-byte-array-to-bitmap)

Location service implemented after https://developer.android.com/training/location/retrieve-current.html
Longitude and latitude, tested with google

Write lat long added to JSON, get general property added, get location added to JSON

27.10-15.11.2014

Forgot to write handbook. Add contact feature added. Spinners added but they look ugly.
Share action button added to gallery - intent blablabla

Looked through storage options. These are XML, JSON and SqlLite-Database. Watched video on Lynda regarding this.
I thought about using xml but it is too much overhead for so little data.

I have chosen to store it in one file in the internal storage. It is just a little information about each picture so splitting it up into smaller pieces (one file per image) would not make sense IMHO.

Added new JSON field "email" to the stored file when a contact is added.

Gallery and AddContact are called as "startActivityForResult". Request codes have been added to the caller class (CaptureActivity).

The JSON handling has been adapted, one method for reading and one for writing.

Google Play services have been added. (https://developer.android.com/google/play-services/setup.html)
This only enables to store it in Google Drive. I forgot the name of the other option. But it only works after 4.x. I have to look this up.

Proguard enabled

GitIgnore added but I think it's not working properly.

27.10.2014
Gallery app included into project app
Action bar added to project bar (problem with PageView and Fragments, when a fragment was deleted, it was still shown in the 'gallery'. Seached for about 3 hours to solve the problem but it didn't work. Found out in the end that the 'getItemPosition' method of the 'FragmentStatePagerAdapter' has to be overwritten in order to reinitialize the dataset of the view pager. 'adapter.notifyDataSetChanged' was not enough although it always worked for the first time but afterwards it got buggy.

I had a short look at the contact creation but the Fragment problem was so annoying that I couldn't leave it undone.

15.10.2014

Tessdata file renamed to tesseract-ocr.zip. Zip is now extracted and checked afterwards. If something happended during the installation, the file
is downloaded (should not happen normally, just a fallback)

20.10.2014
External gallery app created for the history.
History button added to project app
Save picture feature added (saved to sdcard /Recognitions) as IMG_date+time


13.10.2014

Tessdata files stored in /Assets
File initially named to foo.tar.gz but Android aapt removes gz ending. So the file has been renamed to foo.tar.bin to prevent aapt doing this.
Ref: http://banachowski.com/deprogramming/2012/06/android-assets-where-did-you-go/

<13.10.2014
Wanted to build (compile) tess-two project by myself but the android ndk didn't work correctly so i took a precompiled version of the tess-two library in order to work

Started to adapt tess-two project. Originally written by Robert Theiss. Has to be mention later on!